# GVRP Analysis on Human and Rhesus Macaque Data

In GVRP-analysis, we provide the source code and data that can reenact the results in paper.

## Requirements

The GVRP is written in Python 3.11. All necessary libraries for GVRP analysis work are listed in the `requirements.txt` file in this directory.

## Installation

Before running GVRP, ensure you have Python 3.11 installed on your system. Clone this repository to your local machine. To install the required libraries, navigate to the directory containing `requirements.txt` and run the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

This command will install all the necessary Python libraries listed in `requirements.txt`.

## Directory

We separate the directory by the chracteristic and usage of the source code and data

- **analysis**: All the source code for conduct the experiments are available in "analysis" directory. The source code is divided into two directories: one for experiments on humans and another for experiments on rhesus macaques. Within each directory, the code is further categorized by the type of experiment.

- **data**: The "data" directory contains all the input data necessary for the experiments conducted in the GVRP paper. The directories are divided based on the type and format of the data.

- **model**: The "model" directory contains the model trained on Human data. The directories are divided based on the data used for training.

- **result**: The "result" directory stores all the experimental results generated by the GVRP analysis. The directories are divided based on the experiment and format of the data.